{\rtf \tx384 \li384 \fi-384 \sl240 \slmult1 \sa0 [1]\tab J. Minnick, {\i{}Responsive Web Design with HTML 5 & CSS}. Cengage Learning, 2020.
\
[2]\tab \uc0\u8220{}backdrop-filter - CSS: Cascading Style Sheets | MDN.\uc0\u8221{} Accessed: Oct. 17, 2023. [Online]. Available: https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/backdrop-filter
\
[3]\tab \uc0\u8220{}How To Create a Slideshow.\uc0\u8221{} Accessed: Oct. 17, 2023. [Online]. Available: https://www.w3schools.com/howto/howto_js_slideshow_gallery.asp
\
[4]\tab \uc0\u8220{}How to embed a video using HTML code?\uc0\u8221{} Accessed: Oct. 17, 2023. [Online]. Available: https://www.tutorialspoint.com/How-to-embed-a-video-using-HTML-code
\
[5]\tab \uc0\u8220{}HTML Favicon.\uc0\u8221{} Accessed: Oct. 17, 2023. [Online]. Available: https://www.w3schools.com/html/html_favicon.asp
\
[6]\tab \uc0\u8220{}HTML img alt Attribute.\uc0\u8221{} Accessed: Oct. 17, 2023. [Online]. Available: https://www.w3schools.com/tags/att_img_alt.asp
\
[7]\tab \uc0\u8220{}Two line HR style.\uc0\u8221{} Accessed: Oct. 17, 2023. [Online]. Available: https://codepen.io/zackw/pen/NqWgPq
\
[8]\tab \uc0\u8220{}Applying Styles Based on the User Scroll Position with Smart CSS,\uc0\u8221{} DEV Community. Accessed: Oct. 17, 2023. [Online]. Available: https://dev.to/rikschennink/applying-styles-based-on-the-user-scroll-position-with-smart-css-5c
\
[9]\tab \uc0\u8220{}overflow - CSS: Cascading Style Sheets | MDN.\uc0\u8221{} Accessed: Oct. 17, 2023. [Online]. Available: https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/overflow
\
}